Did you do it on purpose?
Do you believe it's me?
Is the dust enough?
Come out with me.
I'm sorry, my tone was a little too much just now
It's okay, I understand you.
Nonsense, we've only known each other for a long time, and you'll understand
Of course I don't have all that anymore
Please, don't say that again.
In broad daylight
Actually I know
You have been patient in the Xiao family
He has been abused by Master Xiao and others
It's because of your mother's ashes
I have never entered the ancestral tomb of the Xiao family
These things are impossible without Xiao Zhengshan's words
You investigate me
What!
Just ask around about investigating you
Xueyan, I accept the apology, okay?
Grandpa accepted the apology, let's go in